[ADD] discuss: configure Twilio ICE servers (#1994)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/productivity/discuss/advanced/ICE_servers.rst

========================================
Configure ICE servers with Twilio
========================================

Odoo Discuss uses WebRTC API and peer-to-peer connections for voice and video calls. If one of the
call attendees is behind a symmetric NAT, you need to configure an ICE server to establish a

> connection to the call attendee. To do that, you must create a Twilio account for video calls, and
> then, connect your Twilio account to Odoo.

Reviewer: I try to avoid _this_ and _that_, where possible, to enforce clarity of language.

In this case a lot of technical terms were mentioned in a short section of writing. The most important piece of information for the user here is that they need an ICE server, so it's worth repeating again in the following sentence alongside the solution provider, Twilio.

Also removed 2nd person imperative.

```suggestion
connection to the call attendee. To set up an ICE server, create a Twilio account for
video calls, and then connect that Twilio account to Odoo.
```

Locate the Twilio Account SID and Auth Token
============================================

Go to the Twilio account dashboard. Click :guilabel:`Develop` on the sidebar. In the
:guilabel:`Account Info` section, locate the :guilabel:`Account SID` and the :guilabel:`Auth
Token`. Both of these are needed to connect Twilio to Odoo.

.. image:: ICE_servers/twilio-acct-info.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The Twilio Account SID and Auth Token can be found uner the Account Info section.

Connect Twilio to Odoo
======================

Open the Odoo database and go to :menuselection:`Settings --> General Settings --> Discuss`. Check
the box next to :guilabel:`Use Twilio ICE servers` and enter the Twilio account's :guilabel:`Account
SID` and :guilabel:`Auth Token`. Finally, click :guilabel:`Save` to apply these changes.

.. image:: ICE_servers/connect-twilio-to-odoo.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Enable the "Use Twilio ICE servers" option in Odoo General Settings.

Define a list of custom ICE servers
===================================

In :menuselection:`Settings --> General Settings --> Discuss`, click the :guilabel:`ICE Servers`
button under :guilabel:`Custom ICE server list`.

> .. image:: ICE_servers/custom-ICE-servers-list.png

Reviewer: Be sure image filenames (and folder names) are in all lowercase per [guidelines on media](https://www.odoo.com/documentation/15.0/contributing/documentation/content_guidelines.html#media-files).
```suggestion
.. image:: ice_servers/custom-ice-servers-list.png
```
